The aim of this project is to create such a framework for the evaluation of different electricity policies in Virginia. The case report addresses the following question: How do different energy policies affect the levelized cost of electricity (LCOE), installed capacity, renewable generation, and emissions in North Carolina? This analysis is carried out using a linear optimization model that minimizes the total cost of electricity sector investment and operation over a 30-year time horizon. The scenario results suggest which policies will have the least impact on electricity rates while achieving renewable energy or emission reduction goals. The broader intent of this research is to create an analytical process that draws on publicly available data and Tools for Energy Model Optimization and Analysis (Temoa), an open-source energy economic optimization model, to examine proposed energy policies within any state in the nation.
					
The remainder of this document is organized as follows. The METHODOLOGY section discusses the energy system optimization model and additional constraints created specifically for this research. The DATA section provides details on how the North Carolina dataset was constructed and calibrated. The ENERGY AND CLIMATE POLICIES section covers the proposed energy policies and discusses how they were modeled. The RESULTS AND DISCUSSION section presents model results for comparative scenario analyses and discusses the drivers behind the policy impacts, culminating in the CONCLUSION section, which distills insights gained through this effort. 
